1. What are the differences between operators and values in the following? 

Answer 1:

	* (This is multiplication operator)

	'hello' (This is string value)

	-87.8 (This is integer value)

	- (This is substraction operator)

	/ (This is division operator)

	+ (This is addition operator)

	6 (This is integer value)

 

2. What is the difference between string and variable? 

Answer 2:
	spam (This is a variable)
	'spam' (This is a string)

 

3. Describe three different data forms. 

Answer 3:
	i) str (the value represents a string data type. e.g s = "python")
   ii) int (the value represents an Integer data type. e.g i = 3)
  iii) float (the value represents a floating-point number. e.g f = 4.5) 
 

4. What makes up an expression? What are the functions of all expressions? 

Answer 4:
	In Python expression is something, that evaluates to a value.

 

5. In this chapter, assignment statements such as spam = 10 were added. What's the difference between a declaration and an expression? 

Answer 5:
	when we decalre a variable to be of certain data type it's called declaration. But there is no concept of declaration in python.
	An expression evaluates to a value.


6. After running the following code, what does the variable bacon contain? 

bacon = 22 

bacon + 1 

Answer 6:
	The variable bacon contains value 22
 
 

7. What should the values of the following two terms be? 

'spam' + 'spamspam'
'spam' * 3

Answer 7: 
	'spamspamspam'
	'spamspamspam'

 

8. Why is it that eggs is a true variable name but 100 is not? 

Answer 8:
	

 

9. Which of the following three functions may be used to convert a value to an integer, a floating-point number, or a string? 

Answer 9:
	int()
	float()
	str()
 
10. What is the error caused by this expression? What would you do about it? 

'I have eaten ' + 99 + ' burritos.' 

Answer 10:
	What is the error caused by this expression - TypeError: can only concatenate str (not "int") to str.

	What would you do about it - to resolve this error I would make 99 as string instead of int by putting single quote ('99') or double quote ("99") around it.
